Adding a note to clarify customizable fields in branding preferences (#4657)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/branding/configure-ui-branding.md

      <td><code>sign.up.heading</code></td>
      <td>This is the main heading of the sign-up box, providing a brief introduction to the registration page within your organization.</td>
   </tr>
</table>

!!! note

>     You can only customize the provided fields. Adding custom fields to the branding preference texts is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Adding custom fields to the text preferences is not supported.
```

Reviewer: First sentence is a little too straightforward. Let's only have the second sentence.
